Your questions have become more redundant and annoying than the last three "Highlander" movies.
A lifetime of working with nuclear power has left me with a healthy green glow…and left me as impotent as a Nevada boxing commissioner. Me fail English? That's unpossible. Get ready, skanks! It's time for the truth train!

I prefer a vehicle that doesn't hurt Mother Earth. It's a go-cart, powered by my own sense of self-satisfaction. Your guilty consciences may make you vote Democratic, but secretly you all yearn for a Republican president to lower taxes, brutalize criminals, and rule you like a king!

This is the greatest case of false advertising I've seen since I sued the movie "The Never Ending Story."
Your guilty consciences may make you vote Democratic, but secretly you all yearn for a Republican president to lower taxes, brutalize criminals, and rule you like a king! Our differences are only skin deep, but our sames go down to the bone.

I didn't think it was physically possible, but this both sucks *and* blows.
…And the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the night. On a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last night.
Oh, a *sarcasm* detector. Oh, that's a *really* useful invention!
Beer. Now there's a temporary solution.
Uh, no, you got the wrong number. This is 9-1…2. And here I am using my own lungs like a sucker. Kids, kids. I'm not going to die. That only happens to bad people. Old people don't need companionship. They need to be isolated and studied so it can be determined what nutrients they have that might be extracted for our personal use.

"Thank the Lord"? That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no place within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an organized religion.
Stan Lee never left. I'm afraid his mind is no longer in mint condition.
Our differences are only skin deep, but our sames go down to the bone.
Mrs. Krabappel and Principal Skinner were in the closet making babies and I saw one of the babies and then the baby looked at me. What good is money if it can't inspire terror in your fellow man? Marge, it takes two to lie. One to lie and one to listen.

…And the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the night. On a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last night. And now, in the spirit of the season: start shopping. And for every dollar of Krusty merchandise you buy, I will be nice to a sick kid. For legal purposes, sick kids may include hookers with a cold.

Books are useless! I only ever read one book, "To Kill A Mockingbird," and it gave me absolutely no insight on how to kill mockingbirds! Sure it taught me not to judge a man by the color of his skin…but what good does *that* do me? Thank you, steal again.

Oh, loneliness and cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix. Stan Lee never left. I'm afraid his mind is no longer in mint condition. I was saying "Boo-urns." Uh, no, you got the wrong number. This is 9-1…2.

I'm a Spalding Gray in a Rick Dees world. When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV! You don't like your job, you don't strike. You go in every day and do it really half-assed. That's the American way.

Beer. Now there's a temporary solution. We started out like Romeo and Juliet, but it ended up in tragedy. Mrs. Krabappel and Principal Skinner were in the closet making babies and I saw one of the babies and then the baby looked at me.

Fame was like a drug. But what was even more like a drug were the drugs. Books are useless! I only ever read one book, "To Kill A Mockingbird," and it gave me absolutely no insight on how to kill mockingbirds! Sure it taught me not to judge a man by the color of his skin…but what good does *that* do me?

Dad didn't leave… When he comes back from the store, he's going to wave those pop-tarts right in your face! Dear Mr. President, There are too many states nowadays. Please, eliminate three. P.S. I am not a crackpot.

How is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive? I didn't think it was physically possible, but this both sucks *and* blows.

Fat Tony is a cancer on this fair city! He is the cancer and I am the…uh…what cures cancer? Oh, so they have Internet on computers now! You don't win friends with salad. I can't go to juvie. They use guys like me as currency.

Homer no function beer well without. Remember the time he ate my goldfish? And you lied and said I never had goldfish. Then why did I have the bowl, Bart? *Why did I have the bowl?* I was saying "Boo-urns."